#Project Requirements

Sprint presentation, demonstration, risk and challenges
discussion, mitigation plan, next sprint objectives. Must
complete –
• Project requirements
• Project plan
• Tool chain, language, Config. Management, server
setup, development environment, etc

#Project Vision

The most prominent issue at many restaurants in this age is the amount of time customers must wait to be seated. Whether it's due to an
influx of people eager to try a new dish, the Saturday evening rush, or an eat-out holiday, customers always desire to wait for as little
time as possible when they arrive at a restaurant. Since nearly every individual in the present owns a cellular device such as an iPhone
or Android, restaurants can utilize this technology to ensure their customers need not wait for sizable amounts of time; all they need
is someone to develop a proper reservation application. During the course of this semester, we will develop an application that will
sufficiently allow restaurants to manage restaurant seating areas and allow customers to reserve seats and be notified when their table
is ready for their arrival.

#Tools and Technologies
We will be using the following tools and technologies for this project:

1. GitHub to store all of our files, track each team member's contribution, and control the version of our software.

2. Slack to communicate between team members.

3. Google Drive to store extraneous files.

4. Trello to manage our project, member task's, and endgame goals.

#Programming Languages

#Server Setup

#Development Environment

#Customer Requirements

1. The restauraunt will be able to manage the seating area from the project.

2. The restauraunt will be able to estimate occupancy and wait time online.

3. The restauraunt will be able to compute wait time intelligently based on average occupancy of each seating area.

4. The restauraunt will be able to register their restaurant.

5. The customer will be able to reserve a table.

#System Requirements

1. The system will be able to notify customers that their table is ready via SMS or the application.

2. The system will be able to register a restaurant to the application.

3. The system will be able to configure seating areas.

4. The system will be able to manage the customer queue.

#Use Case Requirements

1. As a restauraunt manager, I want to easily manage, configure, and reconfigure a seating area.

2. As a restaurant manager, I want to quickly estimate my restaurant's average occupancy and wait time online.

3. As a restaurant manager, I want to store my restaurant's information in a concise, clean medium.

4. As a customer, I want to easily and accurately reserve a table.

#The Future
